Update README.md (#564)
drand/drand: cmd/relay-gossip/README.md

#### Failover

> The `-url` and `-failover-grace` flags can be used when relaying over gRPC. These flags provide one or more alternative HTTP API endpoints that may be able to provide randomness in the event of a failure of the gRPC connection. The amount of time to leave after a round is due before they are contacted. e.g.

Author: @alanshaw does this sentence make sense in the context of this doc?

Reviewer: Ok how about:

```suggestion
The `-url` and `-failover-grace` flags can be used in combination when relaying over gRPC. The `-url` flag provides the URL(s) of alternative HTTP API endpoints that may be able to provide randomness in the event of a failure of the gRPC connection. The `-failover-grace` flag enables failover to these endpoints and sets the amount of time to leave after a round is due before they are contacted. e.g.
```

Author: That'll do.

#### With Known Chain Hash

> You do not need to know the full group info to use the pubsub client if you know the chain-hash and an HTTP endpoint then you can request the chain info from the HTTP endpoint, verifying it with the known chain hash:

Reviewer: Why is chain hash hyphenated here?

Author: If it's different to a [hash chain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hash_chain) then I think it should be hyphenated. If _hash chain_ and _chain hash_ are the same thing, then I suggest we use _chain hash_ across the docs.

Reviewer: It is not hash chain 😄.

It's a hash of the information relating to the chain of randomness that's being generated by drand i.e. the public key, period and genesis time. I do not know if that necessitates a hyphen?

Author: Ok cool. So yeah you're right, doesn't need the hyphen. I think I threw another one in there somewhere. I'll find it and change it back.

Author: I've left the hyphen in `chain hash` on lines [21](https://github.com/drand/drand/pull/564/files#diff-bc07a701f06bee4379b40c8d8b9e47b6R21) and [31](https://github.com/drand/drand/pull/564/files#diff-bc07a701f06bee4379b40c8d8b9e47b6R31), it looks like they're addresses or something?
